[TEACH cackles] My darkness
will swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I’ll lose to you?
I’m gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger’s treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the
Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
[LUFFY] I’m gonna be
the King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Usopp freed citizens
who had been enslaved
and transformed into toys,
prompting Doflamingo
to trap the entire
kingdom inside a barrier
known as the "“Birdcage"”
and place bounties
on Luffy and his allies.
[ROBIN]
Cien Fleurs!
Spider Net!
Hey, Bartolomeo! Hack! Look!
We found a way up!
Hope it was worth it!
You’ll be laughing
in your graves!
Hasshoken Secret Technique!
Drill Dragon!
King!
Punch!
[CHIN JAO]
Nail! Here I go!
[PICA]
Damn you!
[yells]
[CHIN JAO yells]
[LUFFY] "Steady Progress!
Luffy’s Army vs. Pica!"
[PICA screams]
[ALL]
Lord Pica!
I hope that stung!
That serves you right!
You big whiny brute!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TOWNSPERSON A]
Run!
It’s child’s play!
Not a darn thing can withstand
my drill head attack!
It got it’s point back thanks
to Straw Hat, you know!
[LUFFY yelps]
That was close!
Yeah, giddy up! Go, Moocy!
Easy boy! We’re all
counting on you!
Hey! I told you,
you’re not invited!
Get off of Moocy!
Aw, please reconsider!
We’re already here!
[JEET]
Yeah, Straw Hat!
Let us in on the fun!
Come on, Moocy! Tell him!
[BULL moos]
[PICA] Where is that
disrespectful little bastard?
Hey! Don’t let them get through!
They’re heading straight
for the palace!
[SAI]
Outta our way!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelp]
[BOO]
Move it!
Sai and Boo?
In the name of
the Happosui Army,
we shall repay our debt!
Let me jump in.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE C]
Ideo the champion fighter?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D]
Straw Hat’s getting away!
[IDEO]
Forget about me already?
Destruction Cannon!
Better send in some big guns.
Otherwise, there’s
no stopping me!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
These guys are crazy!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
C-Commodore Orlumbus!
If I were you, I’d get
outta my way! Commodore!
Hug!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE F]
Don’t just stand there! Shoot!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Huh?
I think I’ll take
your head next!
[screams]
We’re just low-level
grunts! Go easy!
Excellent day for an execution!
[yells]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE I]
Wait, Hajrudin!
You do realize
if you kill Straw Hat,
you’ll get good chunk of money?
That is but a pittance!
My gratitude is
beyond monetary value.
I owe my savoir,
God Usopp, the world!
My pride cannot
truly return to me
until I adequately
reciprocate his benevolence!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Go home! I’ll finish
off Doflamingo!
--[IDEO] No, I will
--[GILLY] No, I will
[BOO]
No, me!
He’s mine! Go away!
[CAVENDISH laughs]
[LUFFY]
Cabbage!
Destiny’s coquettish
melody enticed me back.
The rare opportunity
to personally trounce
a Warlord is quite alluring.
Besides, I can’t very
well have all of these
irritating rookies
show me up!
Soon, I shall be the
gossip in every country!
Humbly, I will accept the
prominence awaiting me.
[gasps] "Sir Cavendish
made the front page again!
Did you see?
We must add this one
to the art gallery!"
Oh, yeah? If that’s
how you feel,
have you considered placing
me on all the pages?
"You’re so smart!
That’s a great idea!"
Well, I suppose we would
run into just one small issue.
I’m brighter than
the camera’s flash,
so it may hard to shoot me.
--[LUFFY] Go away!
--[ZORO] Shut up!
[ABDULLAH, JEET]
Farewell!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K]
Shoot him!
[CAVENDISH]
Blade of Beauty! Swan Lake!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groaning]
Let’s end this game!
Do whatever you gotta do!
[COMPETITORS yelling]
[TOWNSMAN B]
Here they come.
[BOTH yelp]
[IDEO]
You guys fall back!
How about I kick you
in the back, instead?
Leave it to us!
You’re both too weak.
[IDEO, GILLY]
What?
You’ll need another
hundred years of training
to get on our level.
You all lack the grit
to kill Doflamingo!
Speak for yourself!
My popularity’s
on the line here!
[CHIN JAO]
I just want to repay my debt!
I said don’t follow me!
Beat it! Get lost!
Scram, Eyeliner!
Not too late to run away!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE L yells]
[SULEIMAN]
Execution!
Leave everything to me!
No, leave everything to me!
Now’s my chance
to rise to the top!
I said go away! I already
called dibs on Mingo!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Let’s go! They’re insane!
[ALL yelling]
[yelps] There’s
trouble on the way!
[SAI]
He’s gonna throw another one!
I’ll kill you, Straw Hat!
Not again!
It’s round two!
[ZORO]
I wouldn’t do it!
[BOTH]
Huh?
You obviously don’t know
what you’re dealing with here!
His arms grow back even if
you break '‘em ten times!
Stop wastin' energy!
What do you suggest we do?
Hey, Mr. Tactician.
Now’s your time to shine!
Huh? Who, me?
I say we flee!
[GILLY]
You’re a paid professional?
You really got nothin' else?
[DAGAMA]
Retreating is a valid strategy!
You wanna live, don’t ya?
[SAI]
Dammit!
I’m going to enjoy
crushing all of you
like itty bitty grapes!
[yells]
Especially you, Straw Hat!
[HAJRUDIN] Running at him
head on is not viable.
Let’s take a detour.
How do we get through him?
We won’t make it to the
palace at this rate.
Where did Straw Hat
run off to? Huh?
I lost sight of him.
[BOO]
He may have been pulverized!
Straw Hat, where are you?
What’s that? [gasps]
There he is!
[LUFFY laughing]
[LUFFY]
Yeehaw! Good boy!
Go, go, go!
[ALL gasp]
He’s going up there?
Let’s go, Moocy!
No way!
He’s gone crazy!
He can’t upstage me!
[LUFFY laughing]
Didn’t expect that!
[laughing] Let’s ride
to the palace in style!
[BULL bellows]
[BOTH]
Yeah! Faster, Moocy, go!
Hey.
Yes?
This is my bull, stowaways!
So?
Get off! You’re
weighing Moocy down!
Oh, right.
Excuse us for not
introducing ourselves sooner.
My name is Jeet and the
big fellow behind me is..
...Abdullah, Hey!
[LUFFY]
I didn’t ask!
[JEET]
Whoa, whoa.
Lookin’ forward to
working with you!
[yelps] Hey!
[LUFFY]
I didn’t agree!
[JEET]
Hey, Look up!
[PICA]
There you are!
[JEET]
He looks pissed!
[PICA]
I won’t let you get near Doffy!
[JEET]
His arm’s growing back!
That moron!
He’s literally staring danger
straight in the face!
[ABDULLAH]
Mister Straw Hat?
[inhales] Third Gear, go!
Armament Hardening!
[JEET]
We have no place to run!
We’re doomed!
[ABDULLAH]
It was nice knowing you!
[yells]
Here comes the next punch!
He can’t possibly divert it!
Not while he’s in mid-air!
[BOTH]
He’s gonna die!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Grizzly Magnum!
[ALL]
Incredible!
His head broke!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Lord Pica!
[BOTH]
Oh, yeah!
[laughing]
[MARINE A]
Sir! There’s a group of men,
presumably Competitors from the
Colosseum as well as Straw Hat,
that are headed for
the Royal Palace.
[FUJITORA] I appreciate the
intel, regrettable though it is.
Naturally, I expected a degree
of trouble from those folks,
seeing as they’re pirates.
But seeing as they’re
such a rowdy bunch,
I didn’t expect them to
team up with one another.
Pardon the inconvenience,
but might I borrow that?
Uh.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A rings]
Cu-Lick.
[MARINES]
Vice Admiral Bastille!
You have an urgent call!
One at a time, you imbeciles!
[MARINE B] Sorry sir, but we
keep getting calls from soldiers
who were scattered
by Pica’s attack!
[MARINE C]
Vice Admiral Bastille!
Emergency call!
From who? I’m busy!
[FUJITORA]
Bastille? Are you there?
Issho? Yes, hello!
Sir! Do you need assistance?
Where are you?
[FUJITORA] Word on the street
is the coliseum contenders
have formed an alliance and
are currently on the move.
[BASTILLE]
You’ve probably noticed,
but the whole town
is engulfed in chaos,
so we have our hands
pretty full at the moment.
[FUJITORA]
And I’m thinking that,
if we play our cards right,
we can use this
to our advantage.
[BASTILLE]
Huh? What do you mean?
We’ve got high-ranking officers
stationed around the island.
Lots of good men on standby.
Vice Admiral.
I do believe it’s time
for us to take action.
Meet me at the foot
of the Royal Palace
at your soonest convenience.
[TOWNSMAN D]
Shoot '‘em!
Get out here, Kyros!
We need to bring
you in so we can
stop people from
dying in this game!
[TOWNSMAN F]
I have a family to protect!
Please! Just turn yourself in!
[KYROS] Seems I still
have a long way to go.
[TOWNSMAN G]
Somebody, please help!
I can’t control my body!
[screaming]
[KYROS] This must be a living
nightmare for those poor people.
Must they really relive
the same tragedy?
[KYROS] I vow to reclaim our
home by any means necessary!
[ROBIN]
Stay strong!
We’re almost to
the King’s Plateau!
[DWARF A]
Keep it up, everyone!
[DWARF B]
Hang in there, Usoland!
[USOPP]
I’m good, just keep going!
[DWARVES]
Yes, sir!
[ROBIN]
How are you fairing, Rebecca?
[REBECCA]
Doing all right!
Why’d you stop? Hey!
How’d a degenerate like me
find himself involved in
a consensual arm climbing with
none other than the Nico Robin!
I’ll gratefully hold hands with
her all the way to the top!
[HACK]
I fear that man is disturbed.
It’s like I’m scaling the
softest ladder in the world!
And what awaits me at the top
is Mister Luffy and Mister
Zoro’s gleaming smiles!
I’m not worthy!
Don’t let those
criminals get away!
[REBECCA]
Everyone, hurry! They’re coming!
[ALL yelp]
We’re gonna be rich, boys!
[PIRATES] Yeah!
[PIRATE B]
Rebecca!
[PIRATES]
One hundred million!
[PIRATE B]
Nico Robin!
[PIRATES]
One hundred million!
[PIRATE B]
God Usopp!
[PIRATES]
Five hundred million!
That adds up to...
[PIRATES]
Seven hundred million! Yeah!
Don’t let me die!
[DWARF A]
Full speed ahead!
[panting]
[PIRATE C]
I caught me 100,000,000 Berries!
Rebecca! You let her go!
Oh, no!
[cackles]
[ROBIN]
Slap!
Huh?! Whoa! What happened to me?
You won’t harm that girl.
I will not allow it!
[yelping]
Miss Robin’s strong
and beautiful!
As one should expect!
[USOPP] Hey! We could use
a barrier anytime now!
Miss Robin, nothing
compares to you!
[USOPP]
And nothing gets through to you!
[TANK]
Miss Rebecca, are you all right?
[REBECCA]
Thank you!
All right, that’s everyone.
It looks like those pirates
aren’t giving up yet!
[PIRATE B]
Just a little further, men!
We’re almost to the top!
Since we’re done with the net,
perhaps I’ll put it away.
[yelps]
[PIRATES yell]
Goodbye!
Oopsie.
She’s so classy!
Lord Pica!
[JEET]
We never doubted you, Straw Hat!
[ABDULLAH]
We knew you could do it!
[LUFFY]
All right!
Let’s go hit that
Palace finally!
[ABDULLAH, JEET]
Yes, sir!
[LUFFY] I was talking
to Moocy, not you two!
Luffy!
I don’t think you should
be celebrating just yet!
Sorry! He’s still out there!
[LUFFY, ABDULLAH, JEET]
Huh?
[ZORO] The head you shattered
was just a stone decoy.
So that means Squeaky got away?
[ZORO]
Where’d he go?
[ZORO] He must be
somewhere around here.
Well, well, somebody’s
pissed off.
[JEET]
Where is he? Huh?
He’s around here?
His real body’s up ahead.
[JEET]
I see him!
Uh. There’s a guy inside
the big rock guy?
This is the first
time we’re actually
seein' him in the flesh.
[ABDULLAH, JEET yelp]
[JEET]
He’s got a huge katana!
[ABDULLAH, JEET] It’s not
too late to turn around!
[JEET] You have a say
in this, too, Moocy!
[BULL bellows]
[ABDULLAH, JEET]
Oh! We’re gonna die!
--[PICA squeaks]
--[LUFFY laughs]
[ABDULLAH, JEET]
Huh? The bull can fly?
[laughing]
That voice still gets me!
[PICA]
Straw Hat!
[ABDULLAH, JEET]
Here he comes again!
--[LUFFY] Catch ya later!
--[JEET] What the...?
[ZORO]
Okay! I got this!
[BOTH]
Ooh! So cool!
How dare you!
[BOTH]
God has such badass friends!
Zoro. Be careful!
I’m gonna go give Mingo
the beating he deserves.
You go get him, Captain.
I have a score to settle! Move!
You’ll have to fight me first.
He has better things to do than
tangle with a pebble like you.
Deal with it, Soprano Man.
I’m all that you’ve got.
[PICA growls]
[ZORO chuckles]
[NARRATOR] Zoro faces off
with Pica once again.
As the other Straw Hat’s
confrontations get heated,
things get really shaken up
once Law airs his true feelings.
The shocking truth about
his hostile relationship
with Doflamingo
is finally unveiled!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Shocking Confession!
Law’s Soulful Vow!"
I’m gonna be
King of the Pirates!